[DOCS] Add FreeBSD Port as deployment option in README. (#1133)
authelia/authelia: README.md

  <img src="./docs/images/archi.png"/>
</p>

**Authelia** can be installed as a standalone service from the [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/authelia/), from [FreeBSD Ports collection](https://svnweb.freebsd.org/ports/head/www/authelia/), or using a [Static binary](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/releases/latest),

> [Docker] or [Kubernetes] leveraging ingress controllers and ingress configurations. DEB is not yet available but any contribution with a DEB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Docker] or [Kubernetes] leveraging ingress controllers and ingress configurations. Assistance to publish a [debian package](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/issues/573) would be greatly appreciated.
```

> package would be greatly appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
